Hi friends, IICI Lambad Elevate
Health Insurance Plan is connected to
10,200 plus network
hospitals across India.  There is no
minimum age limit of
18 years and no maximum age limit to take this plan
.  Even older people
can take this plan.  There is life-long
renewability.
If they are younger children, the minimum age
limit for them should be 91 days.  The
maximum age is 30 years.  This means that
they will continue in the family household of the adult for up to 30 years.   The
Next policy tenure offers
high flexibility, ranging from one to five years
.  This means that
we have to choose how many years we want, from one to five years, and
pay the premium for all the years
.  After that, you
can renew the policy by paying the premium again.
Next Sum Included Options: In this, the
minimum sum included is 5 lakhs and the
maximum is no limit. We
can take as much as we want.  That means you have to select how much you want and take it, whether it's 5 lakhs, 7.5
lakhs, 10 lakhs, 15, 20, 25, 50, 30
crores
.  In the next policy
coverage, we
can take the policy as an individual or we
can also take a family powder.
If it is a family floater, you can add two adults plus
three children.   The
next benefits include the first room
rent, which has the facility of taking a single private room instead of a shared room
built into this policy.
That way, we do
n't have to pay a single rupee extra.  If we
want something a little more expensive, like a deluxe room,
we can get any costlier room by paying a little more premium and taking out the extra cover.   The
next second is no copay, which means we
don't need to spend a single rupee.   The
insurance company
will cover all our expenses.  The next third is No Disease
Sub-Limits. No matter what disease or
surgery you have, you can use the insurance amount you have taken, there is
no limit to it.
Next, we can cover all your pre-hospitalization and post-
hospitalization expenses, which means expenses incurred from
90 days before you join the hospital and up to
180 days after you are discharged from the hospital, such as
doctor consultation fees, diagnostic
tests, medicines, surgery, etc.
Next covers everything you spend on day care, surgeries that can be
completed within 24 hours with the latest technology,
domiciliary care, or
Ayush,
Ayurveda, Yoga, and Homeopathy. Everything you
spend on these treatments will
be covered by the insurance cover you have taken.   The
next bonus
increases by 20% every year,
meaning if you take 10 lakhs, it will
increase to 12 lakhs next year, then 14 lakhs, and so on every year.  This
will increase until the amount you borrowed doubles.  Next Restoration
Unlimited Any Illness You can use the
policy amount as many times as you want in a single year
.  No matter what platform it is,
you will be refilled with that amount again
.   If you
check the waiting period for the Next IIC Lambed Elevate Health Insurance Plan, you will initially have a
waiting period of 30 days after taking out the policy
.
Only after that can we climb.  If it's something like
accidental,
we can climb from day one.
Next Special Illnesses: We can claim certain
diseases from two years after taking out the policy, whether they
occurred before or after we took out the policy
.   For
example, they have a list of conditions such as cataracts, hernias,
piles, kidney stones, joint
replacements, etc.,
according to which
we can only climb after two years
.  Next,
for some diseases like diabetes, hypertension, cardiac, etc., if these were
not present when we took out the policy but
arise after taking out the policy,
only these have a 90-day time limit.
Then we can climb.  Next
PED Pre-existing Diseases:
Any health
problems that we had before taking out the policy can be claimed
after three years of taking out the policy
.  Next Specific
Illnesses:
If there are any health problems that arise after we take out the policy, for
example, gastric ulcer,
hernia, cataract, orthopedics, kidney
stones, surgeries, etc., that the company has registered
out, they will have a
standard waiting list
time of three years.
We can claim accordingly.   If you
check the built-in features in Next IICI Lambod Elevate Health Insurance,
you can claim a maximum of Rs 5 lakhs under the Surgat and Oxide cover
.  Surrogacy means
giving someone else their product, developing it there, and
having children, while auxit means
taking someone else's product, developing it, and
having their children.
You can climb up to 5 lakhs for the cost of Agri Travel Preservation Fertilization Transfer.
This benefit is provided to you free of charge when you take out the policy
.   There is
no need to pay any extra premium for this.  Next Nursing
at Home provides injections, dressings, monitoring purposes
for post-hospitalization after discharge from the hospital at a cost of
Rs. 2000 per day for 10 days
.  Next
Wellness Benefits: Daily
walking, gym, yoga, diet control, no
alcohol, preventive health tests, and
some reward points will be
added to you.  This
will give you a discount of up to 30% on the premium when you renew your policy next year.  Next
Bariatric Surgery
Some special surgeries to help you lose excess weight are
covered under the policy.  But these require a
two-year wait after taking out the policy
.  However, if you
take a special loan, you can reduce this waiting
period from two years to 30
days.  Next-
hour hospitalization
is normally covered by insurance only if the patient is admitted to the hospital within 24 hours
.  But under the policy,
we can get coverage even if we are admitted to the hospital for two hours
.  Next IICI
Lombard Elevate Health Insurance
has 29 types of additional covers.
We can also get the benefit of this additional cover by paying a slightly higher premium.  This is especially true for
PD reduction, which means pre-existing
diseases, which have a standard
waiting period of three years.
We can reduce that to 12 to 24 months by taking this supplement
.
NextClimate Protector covers all the items we use day to day,
such as gloves, masks,
saline needles, PPE kits, and
sanitizers
.  Next Power Booster: If
you don't use the health insurance you took out this year,
you will get
double that amount next year.  The Next Room
Modifier is a rule in this policy that allows
you to climb the amount no matter how much larger a room you take than the single private room limit.
Next Jump Start allows you to get coverage for
special diseases like diabetes, hypertension, and more
within 30 days by taking this add-on, without having to wait two to three years
.  It takes three to four years for the next
maternity cover to climb to its normal level
.  By taking the same medication, it
can be reduced to 12 to 24 months.  Next Worldwide
Cover allows us to claim those bills even if we are admitted abroad due to any problem
.  If we get
any major diseases like Next Critical Illness,
we can claim up to 50 lakhs through this scheme.   If you
check the discount on NextIC Lombard Health Insurance,
you will get a discount of up to 15% if you take health insurance for two to three years instead of one year
.  The next
second is based on credit score. If your
credit score is also good,
you can get a discount of up to 15%
.  The next third is Early
Renewal, in which you get a 2.5-5% discount if you
renew your policy 15-20 days before its expiry
.  Next, if we
check how much the premiums are in the IICI Lambad Elevate Health Insurance Plan, let's
assume that a 30-year-old person takes a health insurance plan for Rs. 10 lakhs and also takes the Camp Protector Room Modifier.  Camp Protector means
consumables, accessories, medicines, all of which are
covered under this
.  If he takes an individual person, the
fee for a 30-year-old
person is 9513. If
he takes a 30-year-old wife and husband, the fee is 13954. If he
also adds a child over the age of 30 in the family partnership,
they will have to
pay 18596 including GST.  If you compare these
premiums with other health policies, you
can say that they are very low.  This is the complete details of Friends
IIC Lumbard Elevate Health Insurance
Plan. If
you like this video, please like it and if you find it
useful, please share it with everyone.
Thank you.